docs(component-testing): Added rerender/updating props recipe (#15742)
cypress-io/cypress: npm/react/docs/recipes.md

```

See [examples/rollup](examples/rollup) folder for full example.

## Usage

### Changing props

Many components have some statefulness, whether explicitly through `useState`, or implicitly through `useEffect`. Therefore during testing it is useful to keep the component mounted, but change the props being passed to it in order to preserve its state.

> We recommend building a "wrapper" component with the necessary DOM controls to push new props to your component under test.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend building a "wrapper" component, that will be close to how your users will use this component. And add DOM controls that will change props during the test. 
```

```js
const Accumulator = ({ value }) => {
  const [storedValues, setStoredValues] = React.useState([])

  React.useEffect(() => {
    if (!value) {
      return
    }

    setStoredValues((prev) => [...prev, value])
  }, [value])

  return (
    <ul>
      {storedValues.map((v) => (
        <li key={v}>
          {v}
        </li>
      ))}
    </ul>
  )
}
```

This component is an accumulator that stores each `value` prop passed to it. We create a wrapper component that has an `input` and a `button` to push new values to the `value` prop.

```js

> const Wrapper = () => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const TestAcc = () => {
```
